cod_cadastro : int
nome_completo : varchar(255)
idade : int
data_nascimento : Date
cpf : varchar(15)
cnpj : varchar(20)



rua                    : varchar(255) 
numero                 : int
complemento            : varchar
cep                    : varchar
cidade                 : varchar
estado                 : char
cod_cadastro           : int
data_cadastro          : Date
updated                : Datetime
sexo                   : char(2)
religiao               : char(20)
cor                    : char(20)
qi	                : char(255)	
tipo_sanguineo         :char (3)
doador                 : boolean 
antecedentes_criminais : boollean
escolaridade           : char(50)
status                 : boolean

CREATE TABLE `atividade2`.`profile` (
  `rua` VARCHAR(255) NULL,
  `numero` CHAR(10) NULL,
  `complemento` CHAR(150) NULL,
  `cep` VARCHAR(10) NULL,
  `cidade` VARCHAR(50) NULL,
  `estado` VARCHAR(20) NULL,
  `cod_cadastro` INT NULL, PRIMARY KEY, AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `data_cadastro` DATETIME NULL,
  `updated` DATETIME NULL,
  `sexo` CHAR(2) NULL,
  `religiao` VARCHAR(20) NULL,
  `cor` VARCHAR(20) NULL,
  `qi` VARCHAR(50) NULL,
  `tipo_sanquineo` VARCHAR(5) NULL,
  `doador` TINYINT NULL,
  `antecedentes_criminais` TINYINT NULL,
  `escolaridade` VARCHAR(45) NULL,
  `status` TINYINT NULL)
ENGINE = InnoDB
DEFAULT CHARACTER SET = latin1;




CREATE TABLE `devs2blu`.`dependentes` (
  `cod_dependente` INT NOT NULL,
  `cod_funcionario` INT NULL,
  `grau_parentesco` VARCHAR(45) NOT NULL,
  `data_nascimento` DATE NOT NULL,
  `sexo` CHAR(5) NOT NULL,
  `endereco` VARCHAR(145) NULL,
  `complemento` VARCHAR(145) NULL,
  `bairro` VARCHAR(45) NULL,
  `cidade` VARCHAR(45) NULL,
  `cep` VARCHAR(45) NULL,
  `estado` VARCHAR(45) NULL,
  `tipo_sanguineo` VARCHAR(5) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`cod_dependente`))
ENGINE = InnoDB
DEFAULT CHARACTER SET = latin1;





